Reviewer 2 of IROS 2013 submission 2425

Comments to the author
======================

The central contribution of this paper is the pragmatic
construction of a setup for fast and robust picking
operations from a moving conveyor belt.  Beyond meeting the
speed requirements, no particular contributions are
claimed.  The Related Work section just lists some examples
of related work, without putting this paper into
perspective.  Most of the processing pipeline is composed
of standard components, and the end result is that the
overall performance bottleneck is the speeds at which the
PR2's arms can be operated.  No attempt was reported to
test the limits of conveyor-belt speed, e.g. by plotting
success rate vs. belt speed.

Perhaps the most interesting contribution of this paper is
that it constitutes a compendium of well-chosen methods and
how to put them together to form a fast and robust
perceptual pipeline and motion planner.

Some questions:

- Why do pregrasps have to be recorded separately? Can't
they be computed from the final grasp locations?

- In the description of planning for an entire pregrasp
set, the crucial sentence is missing its predicate ("After
a plan is computed... chosen by the planner"), making the
entire description unclear.  Does the ARA* planner look for
the best path to *any* pregrasp, which then determines the
corresponding grasp?  What is the role of the final
waypoint?

- What happens if collisions are detected in a smoothed
path?  Will/can the entire plan be recomputed?

- Here my most important question: Instead of having the
moving object slam into the hand (and/or vice versa), would
it not be much more robust to target the hand towards the
*moving* object, matching its estimated velocity?  This
should not be too hard to do.


Comments on the Video Attachment
================================

